Prerequisites for IDEA option2 PFlow study (#611)
iLCSoft/lcgeo: FCCee/IDEA/compact/README.md

February 2026: Added the neighborhood finding algorithm for the crystal dual-readout calorimeter.
April 2026: Switch to vertex detector and silicon wrapper from IDEA_o1_v04.

> July 2026: Added `LayeredCalorimeterData` extensions (r-z extent and DetType flags) to the dual-readout barrel and endcap tubes calorimeters, so downstream reconstruction can retrieve their inner radius / z directly from the geometry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
July 2026: Added reconstruction metadata to the dual-readout barrel and endcap tubes calorimeters: `LayeredCalorimeterData` extensions provide their r-z extents, while the XML `DetType` flags are applied to their `DetElement`s. This allows downstream reconstruction to retrieve their inner radius / z directly from the geometry.
```

Author: Updated as suggested
